another week another attempt by Young
Palestinians to pray at AA
mosque but once again Israeli forces use
Force to stop
them since the war on Gaza started
they've stopped mostly those under the
age of 45 from praying at Islam's thirdd
holiest
site often using heavy-handed tactics to
push them back as this group group of
young Palestinians explained how Israeli
restrictions have worsened we noticed
Israeli forces keeping a close eye on
us and then this
happened we were interviewing uh some
youngsters that were trying to go up the
road and do the prayers the Friday
prayers of AA mosque and the Israeli
forces came along and pushed them back
and while we were in the middle of
interviewing them uh they threw tear gas
towards
us just minutes later a Turkish TV crew
was also hit breaking their camera lens
they directly targeted our camera and my
camera and then push us pushed us pushed
you out of the way
yeah the Israeli Commander signals to
his team to stop and then they
retreat but it's far from over for this
Palestinian shopkeeper left to clean up
dirty water sprayed from a water
cannon every Friday they cover us with
that stuff they'll do it again next week
for no reason it stinks and it affects
our business and customers as the Friday
prayers begin worshippers use a dust bin
to block the israelies
outd forced to pray on the street they
ask God to protect them their
families and fellow Palestinians in
Gaza most of them didn't want to talk to
us they said for fear of being arrested
anything they say or do these days could
land them in an Israeli
jail see all these young guys we can't
even carry out our basic Muslim rights
and alaa we're not a threat we don't
have knives or
explosives I'm now talking to you but I
might get arrested they search people's
homes and then make
arrests many Palestinians are staying at
home in the face of severe restrictions
on their movement and what they call
Israel's Collective
punishment locals here say they want
peace but that's not possible as long as
Israel maintains its
occupation s Al jazer occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer